Data for the years 1994 through 2011 has been cribbed from
http://www.s234171324.websitehome.co.uk/festival_results.htm - accuracy and
completeness depend entirely on that site and its creator, David Sandham. Thanks
David! Data for 2011 and 2013 came from my own notes, having been there at the
ceremony. For 2012, a post by S-J Hall is my sole source. In all cases, manual
transcription has occurred, so errors are a definite possibility - not to
mention inconsistencies.

The G&Ses are not performed equally frequently, but I'm hoping that this won't
make material impact on the stats. Also, the appointed adjudicator changes from
year to year, which quite possibly WILL have impact on the stats, but as I don't
have data on who adjudicated which years, I've omitted that. (It would be useful,
though, to be able to (say) restrict the display to David Turner years, for
instance.)

Not all awards have nominations listed. This may be because none were named, but
it may also be because I just don't have the information. Submissions welcome.

The file format is simple: tab delimited fields. Any number of tabs is a single
delimiter. The first field is either the year or the award; in either case there
will be no other fields. Otherwise, the fields are Show, Company, Role, and
Performer, in that order; obviously not all awards use all fields. Within each
award, the first entry is for the winner, and subsequent are for nominations. For
the *Champions* entry, this is strictly ordered (champions, then first runners-up,
then second runners-up); nominations for other awards have no meaningful order.

Several early years divided the "Best Director" award into two sub-categories for
Amateur and Professional. As the later years have (as I understand it) restricted
all awards to amateurs only, I have used the name "Best Director" exclusively for
the Amateur sub-award, and separated out the other into its own award for "Best
Professional Director".

1997 saw an unusual situation: three locations each with a winner, and one of the
three chosen as the international winner. To keep things simple for the graphing,
I've counted the per-location winners as nominations and the international winner
as a win; hopefully this at least approximates to how the awards are meant to be
interpreted.

Double-bill entries are counted against each of their components, except when the
particular award is more specific (for instance, an award for Josephine in a
Pinafore/Trial by Jury will be listed as Pinafore only).

In an attempt to make different sources agree, I've edited and abbreviated some
companies' names. This is not intended to offend anyone, so please, if I've made
a mistake somewhere, let me know so I can fix it!

For consistency, all productions of Ruddygore have been listed as Ruddigore.
